Evaluation:

1. If we search for a language not in the nlu file, it returns result for some of the languages but does not for others and responds with some other random message such as 'Hi!'.
Reason: The language is not included in nlu model. Include more number of languages in the model to get better response.

2. The spelling of the language must match that of WALS database. Ex: Searching for 'gujrati' yields no result but searching for 'gujarati' does!
Reason: The bot only accounts for the spellings in the WALS database.

3. The bot does not currently understand input words other than the names of languages and associated texts.
Reason: The nlu bot only considers greetings and language search entities.

4. The bot responds with greetings messages whenever provided any sort of words.
Reason: There need to be many cases written for training the model.

5. The bot responds with either hello or goodbye greetings if provided with words other than languages
Reason: The model does not have use cases for general conversation and thus is not trained such.

6. The bot keeps on asking for input and does not give any response for some of the words that it does not comprehend.
Reason: If the words are completely out of its vocabulary, it just asks for another input. Need more training data.

7. The bot responds with goodbye messages even for hello greetings such as 'Love to see you'.
Reason: The examples for the greetings need to be more varied and larger in number for it to respond accurately.

8. When asked with information on two languages such as 'english' and 'hindi', the bot only provides details on the latter one.
Reason: The bot is only capable of responding to input it read last and does not acknowledge the 1st language asked.

9. When asked 'provide info on hindi and not on english', the bot is not capable of comprehending the sentence.
Reason: The nlu model in not trained for understanding nuances in sentence. It only recognizes the language written last in the sentence.

10. Upon asking information on 'marathi', the bot reponds differently for different input sentences.
Reason: The model needs to be trained on marathi language.
